If your organization signed a Dropbox Business, Dropbox Services, or Dropbox Enterprise Agreement with Dropbox, that Agreement may have modified the privacy policy below. Please contact your organization’s Admin for details.

We collect and use the following information to provide, improve, protect, and promote our Services.

Contacts. You may choose to give us access to your contacts to make it easy for you, and your Dropbox Team if you’re a Dropbox Team user, to do things like share and collaborate on Your Stuff, send messages, and invite others to use the Services. If you do, we’ll store those contacts on our servers.

Cookies and other technologies. We use technologies like cookies and pixel tags to provide, improve, protect, and promote our Services. For example, cookies help us with things like remembering your username for your next visit, understanding how you are interacting with our Services, and improving them based on that information. You can set your browser to not accept cookies, but this may limit your ability to use the Services. If our systems receive a DNT:1 signal from your browser, we’ll respond to that signal as outlined here . We may also use third-party service providers that set cookies and similar technologies to promote Dropbox services. You can learn more about how cookies and similar technologies work, as well as how to opt out of the use of them for advertising purposes, here .

Marketing. We give users the option to use some of our Services free of charge. These free Services are made possible by the fact that some users upgrade to one of our paid Services. If you register for our Services, we will, from time to time, send you information about upgrades when permissible. Users who receive these marketing materials can opt out at any time. If you don’t want to receive a particular type of marketing material from us, click the ‘unsubscribe’ link in the corresponding emails, or update your preferences in the Notifications section of your personal account.

Bases for processing your data. We collect and use the personal data described above in order to provide you with the Services in a reliable and secure manner. We also collect and use personal data for our legitimate business needs. To the extent we process your personal data for other purposes, we ask for your consent in advance or require that our partners obtain such consent. For more information on the lawful bases for processing your data, the categories of personal information included, and how we use artificial intelligence and machine learning, please see our FAQ .

Other Dropbox Companies. Dropbox shares infrastructure, systems, and technology with other Dropbox Companies to provide, improve, protect, and promote Dropbox Company Services. We process your information across the Dropbox Companies for these purposes, as permitted by applicable law and in accordance with their terms and policies. For more information on Dropbox Companies, Dropbox Company Services, and how your data is used, please see our FAQ .

Other applications. You can choose to connect your Dropbox account with third-party services––for example, via Dropbox APIs . By doing so, you’re enabling Dropbox and those third parties to exchange information about you and data in your account so that Dropbox and those third parties can provide, improve, protect, and promote their services. Please remember that third parties’ use of your information will be governed by their own privacy policies and terms of service.

Stewardship of your data is critical to us and a responsibility that we embrace. We believe that your data should receive the same legal protections regardless of whether it’s stored on our Services or on your home computer’s hard drive. We’ll abide by the following Government Request Principles when receiving, scrutinizing, and responding to government requests (including national security requests) for your data:

For more information about how we enforce our Acceptable Use Policy and detect abusive behavior and content, please see our FAQ .

Use of Data from Google APIs. Dropbox’s use and transfer to any other app of information received from Google APIs will adhere to the Google API Services User Data Policy , including the Limited Use requirements.

Data Privacy Frameworks. Dropbox, Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks, as well as the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the processing of personal data transferred from the European Union, the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland to the United States. Dropbox, Inc. has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Principles of these Data Privacy Frameworks with respect to such data, but this does not include the FormSwift portion of the Services. If there is any conflict between this Privacy Policy and the Data Privacy Framework Principles, the Principles shall govern. In accordance with the Principles, Dropbox, Inc. shall remain liable for onward transfers if a processor processes personal data in a manner inconsistent with the Principles. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework, and to view our certification, visit https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov .

You have control over your personal data and how it’s collected, used, and shared. For example, you can:

Access and take your data elsewhere. You can access your personal data from your Dropbox account and you can download a copy of Your Stuff in a machine readable format as outlined here . You can also ask us for a copy of personal data you provided to us or that we’ve collected, the business or commercial purpose for collecting it, the types of sources we got it from, and types of third parties we’ve shared it with.

Dropbox as controller or processor. If you reside in North America (the United States, Canada, and Mexico), Dropbox, Inc. acts as your service provider. For all other users, Dropbox International Unlimited Company acts as a controller of your personal data. Outside of North America, if you are a Dropbox Team customer or use the Dropbox Sign or DocSend team portions of the Services, Dropbox acts as a processor of your data.

Have questions or concerns about Dropbox, our Services, and privacy? Contact our Data Protection Officer at privacy@dropbox.com . If they can’t answer your question, you have the right to contact your local data protection supervisory authority.
