This section of Shopify's privacy policy describes the Personal Data that Shopify processes (which may include collecting, organizing, structuring, storing, using, or disclosing) when you use or access Shopify Consumer Services, or when you interact with Merchants. Additionally, please review our overall privacy policy that applies to everyone whose information we process. If any provisions in this section of the policy conflict with provisions of any other Shopify privacy policy, the provisions in this policy will apply. Unless otherwise defined, capitalized terms used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Consumer Terms of Service .

Device Information : We receive information about the computers, phones, and other devices you use to interact with Shopify, Merchants, and/or the Shopify Consumer Services, including IP address (which may be used to determine general location), device identifiers, cookie IDs, the browser you use, your network connection, or other unique identifiers or device information.

Activity with Merchants : When you browse or shop with Merchants, we receive information about your activity on such Merchant sites, whether or not you are logged in with Shop or Shop Pay on the Merchant store, including information about your browsing and search activity, the products and services you like, place in your cart or purchase, your billing and shipping information, transaction details and your payment information. When you interact with Merchants and their products as part of using Shopify Consumer Services, Merchants will have access to Personal Data about your interactions on Shop and other Shopify Consumer Services.

Email and Shopping Service Integrations : We receive information from email messages in the inboxes that you connect to your Shop account, and information from email messages you transfer to Shop to be included in your order history. We do not use this information for advertising or marketing purposes.

Track and Implement Your Settings and Privacy Preferences : To track and implement your settings and privacy preferences with Shopify and our Merchants.

Communicate with You : To communicate with you about Shopify services and your transactions, including about product updates, your account, and changes to our policies and terms. We also use your information to respond to you when you contact us.

When Shopify processes your Personal Data from Merchants you interact or shop with in order to help Merchants run their stores and to provide business services to our Merchants, we are acting at the direction of the Merchant, and the Merchants' terms of service and privacy policy apply—not Shopify's. For more information about how Merchants collect and use Personal Data when you visit and make purchases in their stores, review the Merchant's terms and privacy policy.

Vendors : Shopify works with third-party service providers to provide, support, and improve Shopify services and technical infrastructure, for business services, such as payment processing, including in relation to purchases made when you use Shopify services, and for marketing and business analytics.

Sharing at Your Discretion : Where you provide your authorization, we share your Personal Data as described at the time of your authorization, such as when connecting with a Third Party Service.

Access and Portability : Right to request access to your Personal Data.

Right to opt out of Sharing or Targeted Advertising : Right to direct us not to share your Personal Data with third parties for targeted advertising or to use information about your interactions with Merchants to show you targeted advertisements and marketing. To opt-out of having your Personal Data used for these purposes, visit our privacy portal .

You may have additional rights with Merchants. For information and any choices related to how an individual Merchant enables Shopify to use your data, see that Merchant's site and policies.

The length of time we and our Merchants have an ongoing relationship with you and provide Shopify services to you (for example, for as long as you have an account with us or keep using our services or services offered by our Merchants);

To exercise your rights, please visit our privacy portal . For questions or concerns related to this Privacy Policy, you may contact us by visiting our overall privacy policy , under "How you can reach us."

1. Our legal basis for processing your Personal Data : Our legal basis for processing your Personal Data to show you targeted advertisements is your consent. For information about our legal basis for other processing described in this Privacy Policy, please refer to our overall privacy policy .

Withdrawal of Consent : Right to withdraw consent where processing of your Personal Data is based on consent. If you withdraw your consent, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing based on your consent before its withdrawal.
